Hello everyone,
my name is Michael Krasowski and welcome to my course Demand
and Work Management: A Practical Guide.
Are you overwhelmed by the amount of work request you get every week,
even everyday?
Are you challenged by juggling, not only your project workload,
but the workload of your entire team or department?
Is every new request seemingly the next new number one item to accomplish?
If so, you've come to the right place.
This course is for you.
In this course, we're going to provide you the skills,
approaches, tools,
and techniques to learn and improve your demand and work management skills.
Some of the major topics that we'll cover include fundamentals of
demand management and why it is so important.
Constructing your demand management process to ensure you're
doing the right work in the first place.
Building your operations management process, including Kanban techniques.
Building your project management process using traditional
and Agile project management techniques.
And building your initiatives management process, plus portfolio management.
By the end of the course, you'll be able to collect,
organize, analyze, track, and prioritize your demand and backlog.
Furthermore, several approaches to managing the work itself will be presented,
such as Kanban and Agile techniques.
I hope you'll join me on this journey to improving your skills with my Pluralsight course Demand and Work management: A Practical Guide.